capital = 70

oob = "SLO_1939"

set_technology = {
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	gwtank = 1
	basic_light_tank = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	CAS1 = 1
}

set_politics = {
	
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1933.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
    democratic = 5
	fascism = 88
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 2
}

recruit_character = SLO_jozef_tiso
recruit_character = SLO_gustav_husak
recruit_character = SLO_jan_ursiny
recruit_character = SLO_ferdinand_catlos
recruit_character = CZE_stefan_jurech
recruit_character = SLO_jozef_turanec
recruit_character = SLO_augustin_malar
recruit_character = SLO_jaroslav_kratochvil
recruit_character = SLO_vojtech_tuka
recruit_character = SLO_jozef_nemsila
recruit_character = SLO_franz_karmasin

recruit_character = SLO_vojtech_daubner
recruit_character = SLO_frano_kral
recruit_character = SLO_josef_snejdarek
recruit_character = SLO_fritz_gejza
recruit_character = SLO_stefan_tiso
recruit_character = SLO_cyril_kuchta
recruit_character = SLO_jindrich_honzl
recruit_character = SLO_frantisek_straka
recruit_character = SLO_karol_sidor
recruit_character = SLO_rudolf_viest
recruit_character = SLO_janko_jesensky
recruit_character = SLO_anton_pulanick

